Refactored runtime/ftplugin/zig.vim, removed upstream comment, and removed aucmd and auto formatting support. (#13803)
vim/vim: runtime/doc/filetype.txt

	let g:no_vim_maps = 1

ZIG							*ft-zig-plugin*

						*g:zig_recommended_style*
The Zig |ftplugin| sets options according to Zig's recommended style. This can

> be disabled by setting |g:zig_recommended_style| to 0.

Reviewer: Do we have a reference, what the Zig recommended style is?

Reviewer 2: Can link to https://ziglang.org/documentation/0.12.0/#Style-Guide maybe? But that might link rot.

Author: Yes https://ziglang.org/documentation/master/#Whitespace
Should that be referenced in the section?

Reviewer: Either like this, or have a look how it is done for python, explicitly mentioned what properties are set `:h ft-python-plugin`

Author: Fixed, I added both the link and the set fields

	let g:no_vim_maps = 1

ZIG							*ft-zig-plugin*

						*g:zig_recommended_style*
By default the following indentation options are set, in accordance with Zig's

> recommended style (https://ziglang.org/documentation/master/):
> 
> 	`setlocal expandtab shiftwidth=4 softtabstop=4 tabstop=8`
> 

Reviewer 2: For code, use `>`, not backticks (which is Markdown syntax).

```suggestion
recommended style (https://ziglang.org/documentation/master/): >

	setlocal expandtab shiftwidth=4 softtabstop=4 tabstop=8
<
```

Reviewer 2: Same for the line below.

To disable this behavior, set g:zig_recommended_style to 0:

	`let g:zig_recommended_style = 0`

						*g:zig_std_dir*

> The path to the zig standard library. The Zig |ftplugin| reads g:zig_std_dir
> and appends it to the |path| for zig files. Where the zig standard library
> is located is system and installation method dependant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The path to the Zig standard library. The Zig |ftplugin| reads g:zig_std_dir
and appends it to 'path' for Zig files. Where the Zig standard library
is located is system and installation method dependent.
```

> One can automatically read the std_dir using `zig env`:
> 	`let g:zig_std_dir = json_decode(system('zig env'))['std_dir']`
> 
> This can, for example, be put in a FileType |autocmd| to only load when a zig
> file is opened.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One can automatically set |g:zig_std_dir| using `zig env`: >
	let g:zig_std_dir = json_decode(system('zig env'))['std_dir']
<
This can, for example, be put in a FileType |autocmd| or user |ftplugin| to only load when a Zig
file is opened.
```
